initializing world for first game
makeArena called, building arena 0
creating floor portalable
creating left wall portalable
creating right wall portalable
creating button 1
creating angled wall portalable
creating platform
creating mine deadly
done!
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
foot contacted something ( B ):
	hit gun

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.51)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.51)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.54)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
foot stopped contacting something ( B ):
	stopped hitting gun

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.50)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.50)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.50)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.47)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.47)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.47)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.43)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.43)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.43)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.37)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.37)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.37)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.30)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.30)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.30)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.23)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.23)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.23)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.14)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.14)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.14)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	-0.0000
	-0.0000
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	0.0000
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	0.0000
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -20.04)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -20.04)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -15.04)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	22.1979
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	22.7270
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	21.2238
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	20.6883
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -19.93)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -19.93)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -14.93)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	1.1415
	10.8294
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	1.0623
	9.9645
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	11.4536
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	12.3345
	0.0000
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -19.80)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -19.80)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -14.80)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.9416
	1.9152
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.9219
	2.0277
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	3.7558
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	3.6801
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -19.67)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -19.67)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -14.67)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.3497
	1.6324
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.4431
	1.8303
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	3.6835
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	3.4875
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -19.53)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -19.53)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -14.53)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.3145
	2.7511
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.3606
	2.7579
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.3378
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.3012
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -19.37)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -19.37)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -14.37)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2201
	3.0631
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2248
	3.0481
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.6043
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.6195
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -19.20)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -19.20)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -14.20)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2381
	3.0166
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2404
	3.0065
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.5599
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.5704
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -19.03)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -19.03)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -14.03)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2701
	2.9302
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2724
	2.9277
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4804
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4816
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -18.84)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -18.84)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -13.84)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2798
	2.9039
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2815
	2.9040
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4550
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4534
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -18.64)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -18.64)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -13.64)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2760
	2.9128
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2777
	2.9123
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4613
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4602
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -18.43)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -18.43)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -13.43)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2750
	2.9194
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2736
	2.9211
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4684
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4654
	0.0094
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -18.20)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -18.20)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -13.20)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2749
	2.9193
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2736
	2.9213
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4683
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4646
	0.0091
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -17.97)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -17.97)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -12.97)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2746
	2.9194
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2736
	2.9211
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4676
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4643
	0.0085
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -17.73)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -17.73)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -12.73)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2744
	2.9197
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2733
	2.9215
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4675
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4642
	0.0086
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -17.47)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -17.47)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -12.47)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2742
	2.9201
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2730
	2.9219
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4675
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4642
	0.0087
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -17.20)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -17.20)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -12.20)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2740
	2.9204
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2728
	2.9222
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4675
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4641
	0.0088
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -16.93)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -16.93)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -11.93)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2739
	2.9206
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2726
	2.9225
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4675
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4640
	0.0089
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -16.64)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -16.64)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -11.64)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2737
	2.9209
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2724
	2.9228
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4675
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4639
	0.0090
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -16.34)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -16.34)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -11.34)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2736
	2.9211
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2723
	2.9231
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4675
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4639
	0.0091
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -16.03)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -16.03)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -11.03)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2734
	2.9214
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2721
	2.9233
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4674
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4638
	0.0091
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.50, -15.70)
current gun position:
	(17.50, -15.70)
current foot position:
	(17.50, -10.70)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2733
	2.9216
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.2720
	2.9236
no user data for body a

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 1 points touching
	4.4674
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	4.4638
	0.0092
user data for body a: floor portalable

no user data for body b

current player position:
	(17.48, -15.37)
current gun position:
	(17.48, -15.37)
current foot position:
	(17.48, -10.37)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(17.43, -15.03)
current gun position:
	(17.43, -15.03)
current foot position:
	(17.43, -10.03)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(17.36, -14.67)
current gun position:
	(17.36, -14.67)
current foot position:
	(17.36, -9.67)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(17.26, -14.30)
current gun position:
	(17.26, -14.30)
current foot position:
	(17.26, -9.30)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(17.18, -13.93)
current gun position:
	(17.18, -13.93)
current foot position:
	(17.18, -8.93)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(17.09, -13.54)
current gun position:
	(17.09, -13.54)
current foot position:
	(17.09, -8.54)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(17.02, -13.14)
current gun position:
	(17.02, -13.14)
current foot position:
	(17.02, -8.14)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.95, -12.73)
current gun position:
	(16.95, -12.73)
current foot position:
	(16.95, -7.73)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.88, -12.30)
current gun position:
	(16.88, -12.30)
current foot position:
	(16.88, -7.30)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.82, -11.87)
current gun position:
	(16.82, -11.87)
current foot position:
	(16.82, -6.87)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.77, -11.43)
current gun position:
	(16.77, -11.43)
current foot position:
	(16.77, -6.43)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.71, -10.97)
current gun position:
	(16.71, -10.97)
current foot position:
	(16.71, -5.97)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.66, -10.50)
current gun position:
	(16.66, -10.50)
current foot position:
	(16.66, -5.50)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.62, -10.03)
current gun position:
	(16.62, -10.03)
current foot position:
	(16.62, -5.03)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.58, -9.54)
current gun position:
	(16.58, -9.54)
current foot position:
	(16.58, -4.54)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.54, -9.04)
current gun position:
	(16.54, -9.04)
current foot position:
	(16.54, -4.04)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.50, -8.53)
current gun position:
	(16.50, -8.53)
current foot position:
	(16.50, -3.53)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.47, -8.00)
current gun position:
	(16.47, -8.00)
current foot position:
	(16.47, -3.00)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.44, -7.47)
current gun position:
	(16.44, -7.47)
current foot position:
	(16.44, -2.47)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.41, -6.93)
current gun position:
	(16.41, -6.93)
current foot position:
	(16.41, -1.93)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.38, -6.37)
current gun position:
	(16.38, -6.37)
current foot position:
	(16.38, -1.37)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
player hit something
contact edge 0, hitting?
recording impulse for contact 1:
	0.0000
	floor portalable

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.35, -5.80)
current foot position:
	(16.35, -0.80)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	1260.2928
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	1260.2928
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.36, -5.98)
current foot position:
	(16.36, -0.99)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	155.4934
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	155.4934
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.36, -6.12)
current foot position:
	(16.36, -1.13)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.27)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.19)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.19)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
player hit something
contact edge 0, hitting?
recording impulse for contact 1:
	0.0000
	floor portalable

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.21)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.21)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	43.2553
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	43.2553
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.23)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.23)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	37.8390
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	37.8390
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.25)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.25)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.1256
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.25)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.25)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.1410
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable


in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.1410
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2692
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2805
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2755
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2745
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2747
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2747
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2747
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2747
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2747
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2747
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2747
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	35.2747
	0.0000
user data for body a: player

user data for body b: floor portalable

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
portal key pressed
&b1 = (nil)
creating bullet left
&b1 = 0x215ab80
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
portal key pressed
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
portal key pressed
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
portal key pressed
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
portal key pressed
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
portal key pressed
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
portal key pressed
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
portal key pressed
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
creating portal
pos.y = -6.26
pos.y = -6.26
pos.y*M2P = -125.27
portal_height = 180.00
onFloor = -50.00
pos.y*M2P + portal_height = 54.73, >= onFloor - 50?
fixing portal position from y = -125.27 to -127.27

test:	52.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -127.27 to -129.27

test:	50.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -129.27 to -131.27

test:	48.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -131.27 to -133.27

test:	46.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -133.27 to -135.27

test:	44.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -135.27 to -137.27

test:	42.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -137.27 to -139.27

test:	40.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -139.27 to -141.27

test:	38.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -141.27 to -143.27

test:	36.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -143.27 to -145.27

test:	34.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -145.27 to -147.27

test:	32.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -147.27 to -149.27

test:	30.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -149.27 to -151.27

test:	28.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -151.27 to -153.27

test:	26.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -153.27 to -155.27

test:	24.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -155.27 to -157.27

test:	22.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -157.27 to -159.27

test:	20.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -159.27 to -161.27

test:	18.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -161.27 to -163.27

test:	16.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -163.27 to -165.27

test:	14.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -165.27 to -167.27

test:	12.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -167.27 to -169.27

test:	10.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -169.27 to -171.27

test:	8.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -171.27 to -173.27

test:	6.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -173.27 to -175.27

test:	4.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -175.27 to -177.27

test:	2.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -177.27 to -179.27

test:	0.73 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -179.27 to -181.27

test:	-1.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -181.27 to -183.27

test:	-3.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -183.27 to -185.27

test:	-5.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -185.27 to -187.27

test:	-7.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -187.27 to -189.27

test:	-9.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -189.27 to -191.27

test:	-11.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -191.27 to -193.27

test:	-13.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -193.27 to -195.27

test:	-15.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -195.27 to -197.27

test:	-17.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -197.27 to -199.27

test:	-19.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -199.27 to -201.27

test:	-21.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -201.27 to -203.27

test:	-23.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -203.27 to -205.27

test:	-25.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -205.27 to -207.27

test:	-27.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -207.27 to -209.27

test:	-29.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -209.27 to -211.27

test:	-31.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -211.27 to -213.27

test:	-33.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -213.27 to -215.27

test:	-35.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -215.27 to -217.27

test:	-37.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -217.27 to -219.27

test:	-39.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -219.27 to -221.27

test:	-41.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -221.27 to -223.27

test:	-43.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -223.27 to -225.27

test:	-45.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -225.27 to -227.27

test:	-47.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -227.27 to -229.27

test:	-49.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -229.27 to -231.27

test:	-51.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -231.27 to -233.27

test:	-53.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -233.27 to -235.27

test:	-55.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -235.27 to -237.27

test:	-57.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -237.27 to -239.27

test:	-59.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -239.27 to -241.27

test:	-61.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -241.27 to -243.27

test:	-63.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -243.27 to -245.27

test:	-65.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -245.27 to -247.27

test:	-67.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -247.27 to -249.27

test:	-69.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -249.27 to -251.27

test:	-71.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -251.27 to -253.27

test:	-73.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -253.27 to -255.27

test:	-75.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -255.27 to -257.27

test:	-77.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -257.27 to -259.27

test:	-79.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -259.27 to -261.27

test:	-81.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -261.27 to -263.27

test:	-83.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -263.27 to -265.27

test:	-85.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -265.27 to -267.27

test:	-87.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -267.27 to -269.27

test:	-89.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -269.27 to -271.27

test:	-91.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -271.27 to -273.27

test:	-93.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -273.27 to -275.27

test:	-95.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -275.27 to -277.27

test:	-97.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -277.27 to -279.27

test:	-99.27 >= -100.00?
fixing portal position from y = -279.27 to -281.27

test:	-101.27 >= -100.00?

in post solve
this contact has 2 points touching
	0.0000
	0.0000
user data for body a: left wall portalable

user data for body b: bullet left

current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
toDestroy exists!
toDestroy has user data
in createPortal, got angle = 0.00
creating left portal
creating isportal left
setting portal fixtures to be sensors
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
game not paused, perform physics
door_is_active is NOT set
checking for objects to destroy
current player position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current gun position:
	(16.37, -6.26)
current foot position:
	(16.37, -1.26)
calling XDestroyWindow
calling XCloseDisplay
done with cleanupXWindows
